README.md, before:

### I help developers 👩‍💼💻👨‍💼 create better software 🔎✨ more predictably 🧭🔮 with less stress ⚖️.

- **Refactoring**
- **clean code**
- **TDD**
- **Git**
- **CI/CD**

_______

### Practice your skills with my coding katas

| | |
|:-------:|:------:|
| [📚📖 ISBN Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/isbn-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on design and TDD. | [🛒🛍️ Shopping Cart Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/shopping-cart-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on domain modelling and TDD. |
| [🌡️ Temperature Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/temperature-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on encapsulation and simple design. | [🪙🧾 Tax ID Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/tax-id-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on encapsulation and domain-driven design. |
| [`"42"`🔄`42` Integer Parser Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/integer-parser-kata)<br>A TDD kata, intended as the next step after being introduced to TDD with trivial katas like FizzBuzz. | [⬛⬜♟️ Chess Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/chess-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on applying TDD in an existing (unit-tested) code base. |
| [📡👾 Mars Rover Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/mars-rover-kata)<br>An evolutionary coding kata where the requirements are revealed incrementally. | [✂️🧬 Intentional Git Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/intentional-git-kata)<br>Conquer the fear of Git! Build your intuition. Create new habits. Get confident in your workflows. |
| [💾💿 Data Size Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/data-size-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on domain-driven design, encapsulation, and reducing primitive obsession. | [`XVII`🏛️ Roman Numerals Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/roman-numerals-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on design and TDD. |
| [📄📜 Word Wrap Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/word-wrap-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on breaking down a tricky problem into bite-sized simpler problems. | [3️⃣5️⃣ Evolutionary Fizz Buzz Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/evolutionary-fizz-buzz-kata)<br>An evolutionary coding kata where the requirements are revealed incrementally. |
| [💪🧠 IDE Muscle Memory Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/ide-muscle-memory-kata)<br>Build awareness and muscle memory for quick actions, IDE-supported refactorings and keyboard-based navigation in your IDE.  |  |

Commit message:

Add Money Type Kata to list of katas

README.md, after:

### I help developers 👩‍💼💻👨‍💼 create better software 🔎✨ more predictably 🧭🔮 with less stress ⚖️.

- **Refactoring**
- **clean code**
- **TDD**
- **Git**
- **CI/CD**

_______

### Practice your skills with my coding katas

| | |
|:-------:|:------:|
| [📚📖 ISBN Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/isbn-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on design and TDD. | [🛒🛍️ Shopping Cart Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/shopping-cart-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on domain modelling and TDD. |
| [🌡️ Temperature Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/temperature-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on encapsulation and simple design. | [🪙🧾 Tax ID Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/tax-id-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on encapsulation and domain-driven design. |
| [`"42"`🔄`42` Integer Parser Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/integer-parser-kata)<br>A TDD kata, intended as the next step after being introduced to TDD with trivial katas like FizzBuzz. | [⬛⬜♟️ Chess Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/chess-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on applying TDD in an existing (unit-tested) code base. |
| [📡👾 Mars Rover Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/mars-rover-kata)<br>An evolutionary coding kata where the requirements are revealed incrementally. | [✂️🧬 Intentional Git Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/intentional-git-kata)<br>Conquer the fear of Git! Build your intuition. Create new habits. Get confident in your workflows. |
| [💾💿 Data Size Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/data-size-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on domain-driven design, encapsulation, and reducing primitive obsession. | [`XVII`🏛️ Roman Numerals Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/roman-numerals-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on design and TDD. |
| [📄📜 Word Wrap Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/word-wrap-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on breaking down a tricky problem into bite-sized simpler problems. | [3️⃣5️⃣ Evolutionary Fizz Buzz Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/evolutionary-fizz-buzz-kata)<br>An evolutionary coding kata where the requirements are revealed incrementally. |
| [💪🧠 IDE Muscle Memory Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/ide-muscle-memory-kata)<br>Build awareness and muscle memory for quick actions, IDE-supported refactorings and keyboard-based navigation in your IDE.  | [💰💶 Money Type Kata](https://github.com/kraemer-raimund/money-type-kata)<br>A coding kata that focuses on encapsulation and simple design with TDD. |
